In this course module we added native device features like the camera to our projects and you learned
how to do that.
You also learn how to access the storage both the file system as well data storage for your non file
data.
Very important features features.
You will probably need in your next project and after this section you should feel confident using them.
You should have a solid understanding on where to learn more about all a way that will native device
features how to add them to your project and how then in the end to use them.
The same is true for storage.
With that you really have a solid understanding of how to build AI on two applications.
You built a lot of different iconic two applications.
So let's move on to actually now publishing our app to the app store in the next sect's and